Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? 
The client is a company called DriverPass. Their goal is to create an online resource to help students pass their driving exams on the first try. They wanted to design a system that had different levels of users that could access various types of content. Users would be able to schedule in-person training and driving lessons with certified instructors and take practice tests online. This system was meant to manage all of this and provide the admins with special functions like turning deactivating packages that they no longer want to offer, removing users, and scheduling lessons for users.

What did you do particularly well? 
I believe that I transformed the requirements into use cases particularly well. I reviewed the interview notes and converted them into use cases. Then I outlined the extended the requirements to include relationships. I also mapped out who would have access to what functions to help the client visualize the functionality of the system.

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? 
I would change my UML class diagram. I would take time to do some more research on them and how to properly notate relationships. I also would have taken more time to include appropriate classes and their functions.

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? 
I started off by thoroughly reading the interview transcript. Everything they said that I could interpret as a deliverable, I made note of. When I completed that process to the best of my ability, I began to ruminate about how those would be done through the system or if they were external requirements. If the requirement was external, I would set it aside and focus on the ones I was able to directly implement in the software. When I encountered abstract requirements like security, I relied on my own research to find the best solution. Then, I implemented them into the design.  It is important to include the user's needs when designing because you want to build what was specifically requested of you. In this project, one example would be the downloadable content available to only certain users. If I didn't include a login or a tiered user system, then it would just be content available for anyone to download. This would eliminate their need for package purchase. Taking the user's needs into account when designing will save you a ton of re-work later and it will, most importantly, keep your clients happy.

How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
Regarding developing software, I am still a novice in the whole process. I attempt to read all of the requirements first and make note of all that are essential. Then, I attempt to isolate the objects in the system and how they interact. I tend to create UML class diagrams for this process. Then, once I finally have a process diagram and a class diagram, I begin to code the software. Building the diagrams helps me to think of things that I may miss if I just jumped right into coding.

